From your center of development in the Pacific Charlemagne, on hand, the greatest inter-extra-steep
forward on the activities of the past week in our nation's capital.
The first part of the week is to vote into much discussion about the Roman party.
At this time, it wasn't about the chargers of the upper-Johmins party, and the communist
Republic.
Everyone would like to follow this order in order to destroy this particular miles, and
make the decision of America's stated passed on.
President Truman is on hand to call out to you first, please.
He and his colleagues are prepared, and Kennedy is going to keep the free to put an afternoon
moving all of these.
Yes, John, there are been about 20-30s out of the state.
I've got a number of Congressmen.
And this was the first time that I had an opportunity to attend this.
Although I do like baseball very much, it's quite a sight to see by thousands of
officers and the kind of old funny night watching the park with it.
Glad and out of the 30s, the race will go in.
31,000 persons to the Japanese pension either national or civil states.
And it's five-all three-fold fans everywhere watching the night on a very good focus.
I know that three of us are eating this, eating this, eating this.
I like my face.
I've got a couple of hours to look at these with a tap on first, so I never have to be in the
NBA.
And probably I'll do it in a week, we have to kind of see the history here in one.
Many were attending the national possession of the daughters of the American Revolution.
I think that we had about a hundred, kind of three, kind of three, one of the year for
the children.
Other studying at the end, the intentions of the American appreciation of these people are
very important.
And we had a type of usual number of high schools using Mexico for watching this.
That's five-thirds of their graduate.
One type of school has to eat, eating that, and that's how it really is.
There is one of the half-taughts in the young folks who is definitely elevators inside the
Washington Monument, which is five-hundred and sixty-five feet high.
Take the one member from the land you have to live in, elevators.
The lady at that time is on the way back down, the elevated dam, about the forty-eighths
of the bottom.
Let the dress be squadred, please, let's pack the one and more thing, please.
Let's see if we can start it down in nine minutes, any steps to go.
The way down is the next high, this is the time that we see the ground,
if we start it from the bottom, and large mothons, like that of the long events.
We eat five-hundred of the tights.
Well, unfortunately, none of the ladies suffered any elevators like the ground.
They were taken to a local hospital who far had checked up on the relief.
We checked up on them, and all the five-hundreds that they had to stay in nothing more than a good scare.
Let me say a good connection, and I think it's one of the finest things that the people
have done for regulating high school students, maybe just to wash them,
and just to do the nation's type of rules, do you have time and work.
I'm going to say all of the things that they have been reading from us about it,
is the two most powerful years.
I think the government's 30 years broiled our fifth up year too.
First, I'm just thinking of being watching the money level there.
I'm going to continue my stuff.
I think we have to reassure our Kennedy-Bites years today,
which is just a great part of how you do things that are best.
I didn't use that these minutes, and it's close.
Well, see the finish pass, you're not going to continue gold on the word of the night.
The bill was to prohibit the children of the Scottish Games and the New State Commerce.
I just tried and found what the New State's proposal that the nation has made to last time,
since it's a new education time.
Well, I was very afraid that this important source of the National Crime Secretary's plan
has been sent after by Congress.
These don't fall one-on-one bandits.
Just to stop the color back, $2 billion dollars every year.
Prevention and management of the state commerce,
and after the new rule, a long way for shutting off as part of the source
of the big gamblers' revenue.
And I can't have a list of tax rates for these people and legalize these.
Well, I feel it's advised that if the governor of the state,
whether it's legalized gambling, certifies that it's not a fact,
that these devices may move and everything commerce and that state should have come in.
The water, as you know, has big glass gambling legalized for everything.
Maryland, for example, has local options on its own, by faith.
And this bill can act in only the active education.
No, hearing how this government's getting it,
but in fact, it's possible that it's termed the administration
and foreign commerce committee.
And so that you think the bill may be unprofitable.
And I think the bill is spent to find what we thought one-on-hand is
to do in the legal system.
This is not a baseline.
No, the bill is not to refer to any government's advice.
And I have to admit it by contrast to the fact that the force may hold it on its own.
You know, there are many types of gambling devices.
Many devices just do not see off, maybe use the gambling.
And the matter of fact, as the police call it,
the compound which we have gambling device,
they use the gambling for me.
The government's going to have different definitions of gambling devices.
And that frankly will be difficult to find with the outlawed improvement of gambling
and the virus and the fake commerce.
But some of the police have law making this a food-divide vehicle.
So long after the nut-free government's purchase,
and I have had it the past few days,
the next few years, that's been moving.
So while I was telling the government that there's been only a small part of the thing that we have buy food,
the nationwide community is minimum-faring about this.
Gambling is just one of the,
and gambling devices, provide just one of these
are the most beautiful gambling.
Even if those gambling devices are not the only big betting system,
a matter of fact, I do very well,
I don't think November of 1949,
I got up to be open to be able to talk to the government
and to take public profit from gambling,
the government is not shut.
And I thought it would be better to have them that they see us afford 50 phones
about the deal with the business market.
But here's three of these,
and the kind of thing that I know that you are afraid to make them wild,
and he's trying to get them out of the big box,
not be able to talk to the government,
just because you have no evidence to be a good victim,
make them wild, and get it back in the end of the fine and draw.
So I've got to have to go through the pocket,
talk about the pocket,
talk about the other day,
talk about the rate of the other day.
And I think that it's not just the same age that you can't have any suspect of,
just about every organization that is looking to the situation,
that doesn't carry out a national firm,
the rain or rain,
that's for Thomas Dorx,
that is how they can ask the government to take it and draw.
And he's been up to make it reliable that the American people
are putting up with about $40,000 every year just for gambling,
and he's been going through the hand to be gambling.
And I recommend this national budget in $42,000 a year,
only about the money,
about the gambling state.
I think the situation is with that a little looking at it.
So there are those things that you can keep on,
who will argue that you, that the American people want to get,
that you can't legislate more than you're talking on that.
But I do know that I am all for each individual,
and I'm all for the private sector.
I'm all for the private sector.
But first of all, the gambling and the government,
I think it's the same age that you can get.
But when gambling and crime is the point that I've seen
from the government, I've seen from the government.
I say that we all just got out of time.
We have content from the people in the local government
from all over the parts of America.
The criminals are getting so rich and so powerful
that they're about to become bigger than our local government.
And that must be the case.
One of the main things that I think is my investigation
for people to explore and have our overnight time
is going to corrupt the law enforcement.
That is interesting about the latest criminals
and operate wide openies.
And that's how the people of the law,
the public sector must be all the way.
Then I think the East and East,
and the East and East,
that they can really appreciate the magnitude
of criminal operation in this country.
So I've been talking about that to that in this time.
I'm still advocating my great-grandson
to the next problem.
After the denigrate,
there's a pretty much an effort to take.
Having done in public life for a dozen years,
I've kept up to the world with public intent.
A commission of points by one of my states,
the Spanish parliament,
to look into the time,
the district, and the district,
and the public.
Well, that's a wonderful thing.
I mean, I'm not sure if it's going to work.
But I know it's coming along.
I'm pretty hopeful that there are things
about the time it's corrupt,
that's the 30th country.
The country will authorize the inductive case
for another country work.
In the air, this is the only investigation site
you have to call negative Illinois.
So that's the case for natural gas,
the only thing that's done.
I'm a friend of the human.
You see, I'm a 30th country.
Well, I can know a night in the first
thousand years of this work,
and I think I'll do that.
We must have seen lots of things on my one-time,
I think the first one,
a little bit of a friend.
I think the future's primary group,
the future and many others.
On the other side, I think the man by mail
is about 18, 18th-century.
I think that in the very first few people
in my group,
the future's gas list.
Now, since the situation is very stunning,
I have good friends with kind of people
who are interested in the future.
And I just like to fight the
villain with my friends,
and if the villain is not in the section,
that is the third.
We've got a half-time rape
and another is the film of the film.
So at the same time,
at one time,
there's nothing that the past is going to do.
We'll have to go to an unjust,
not be a master's tip.
I don't know, just the richness
of many of the top-all
in the country that's good at public.
And having seen the future
about it, I've asked you up to
an author to do an actual act of
an overlay that I remember
to do a few things.
You and the record label
go on.
Remember to keep the communication
from the food.
Well, that's about the record show.
It's about a separate record
that's played in the
political and political
exists.
I remember I thought
it was right under the
30th line.
And I'm still old,
not quite.
I'm thinking,
that's what they would like.
That's what I'm thinking.
It's about to be alive.
I think I'm happy to continue.
And I think I would keep
that up to the 30th line.
I'm not going to be that
very clever.
Channel director.
There were so many
members that decided not to
call these words big nights.
And I think that's the only
reason I'm trying.
It ain't right, Paul,
and you think it says
when you are good enough?
With the first,
that's the right style every
way for the first要
the first liquid force
or so making it a
b濝, slowly
dig into the whole type of
瑞.
Right into the blue part.
Good morning, Francis.
Hello,gun, I am your
site based in Mat euxey